Update RFC, MCP, FCP and CFT sections for TWiR-520 (#4840)
rust-lang/this-week-in-rust: draft/2023-11-01-this-week-in-rust.md

### [Approved RFCs](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/commits/master)

> Changes to Rust follow the Rust [RFC (request for comments) process](http®s://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs#rust-rfcs). These

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes to Rust follow the Rust [RFC (request for comments) process](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs#rust-rfcs). These
```

Reviewer: I'm assuming this was a typo!
